OCIRepo docs: auto-login setup details (#862)
fluxcd/source-controller: docs/spec/v1beta2/ocirepositories.md

#### AWS

> The `aws` provider can be used to automatically log into ECR using the EKS
> worker node IAM role or IAM Role for Service Accounts (IRSA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aws` provider can be used to authenticate automatically using the EKS worker node IAM role
or IAM Role for Service Accounts (IRSA), and by extension gain access to the ECR.
```
